feat(curriculum): add longest word finder lab (#61340)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: client/src/pages/learn/full-stack-developer/lab-longest-word-in-a-string/index.md

---
title: Introduction to the Build a Longest Word Finder App
block: lab-longest-word-in-a-string
superBlock: full-stack-developer
---

## Introduction to the Build a Longest Word Finder App

> In this lab you will implement JavaScript loops to the length of the longest word in the provided sentence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this lab, you will use JavaScript loops to find the length of the longest word in the given sentence.
```
